Update modern-desktop-deployment-and-management-lab.md (#10026)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/modern-desktop-deployment-and-management-lab.md

# Windows and Office 365 deployment lab kit

> The Windows and Office 365 deployment lab kits are designed to help you plan, test, and validate your deployment and management of desktops running Windows 10 Enterprise or Windows 11 Enterprise and Microsoft 365 Apps. The labs in the kit cover using Microsoft Intune and Microsoft Configuration Manager. This kit is highly recommended for organizations preparing for desktop upgrades. As an isolated environment, the lab is also ideal for exploring deployment tool updates and testing your deployment-related automation. There lab kits are for free download:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Windows and Office 365 deployment lab kits are designed to help you plan, test, and validate your deployment and management of desktops running Windows 10 Enterprise or Windows 11 Enterprise and Microsoft 365 Apps. The labs in the kit cover using Microsoft Intune and Microsoft Configuration Manager. This kit is highly recommended for organizations preparing for desktop upgrades. As an isolated environment, the lab is also ideal for exploring deployment tool updates and testing your deployment-related automation. The following lab kits are available for free download:  
```

Author: Johan - can you let me know the steps required on my side to approve this change?

|Windows 10 Lab|Windows 11 Lab|
|---|---|
|[Windows 10 lab environment](https://download.microsoft.com/download/b/7/6/b7696d5b-940e-4af6-ba8b-32cfa3532e6e/Windows10_21H2_2022-10-19.zip)|[Windows 11 lab environment](https://download.microsoft.com/download/a/1/0/a10d1f67-b499-4c2f-8db1-79d29cd98b05/Windows11_21H1_2022-10-18.zip)|

> |[Windows 10 lab guides](https://download.microsoft.com/download/b/7/6/b7696d5b-940e-4af6-ba8b-32cfa3532e6e/Win10_21H2_lab_guide_10.18.zip)|[Windows 11 lab guides](https://download.microsoft.com/download/a/1/0/a10d1f67-b499-4c2f-8db1-79d29cd98b05/Win11_Lab_Guides_10.18.zip)|

Reviewer 2: @cdmm12 the first link for *Windows 10 lab guides* doesn't work for me: `https://download.microsoft.com/download/b/7/6/b7696d5b-940e-4af6-ba8b-32cfa3532e6e/Win10_21H2_lab_guide_10.18.zip`
can you confirm?
